(tense suspenseful music)
-(Ikkaku gasps)
-(Yumichika grunts)
-(Dordoni grunts)
-(Cirucci grunts)
(Luppi grunts)
Oh, I see.
This could prove troublesome.
No wonder I could barely
sense his Spiritual Pressure.
I don't believe this.
-Bakudo Number-
-No, you idiot!
You can't block it with a Kido.
(Yumichika groans and sighs)
That was reckless, Ikkaku.
All the same, thanks.
(Yumichika gasps)
Ikkaku!
Ugh, shit.
He may be a corpse, but he's
still the captain of Squad 10.
I guess I'm lucky he
only got me in the leg.
-(Ikkaku grunts)
-(Yumichika gasps)
Screw you.
(Ikkaku grunts)
(swords clashing)
That's my friend you're hurting.
Ruriiroku-
(Yumichika groaning)
(tense suspenseful
music continues)
[Kurotsuchi] Very interesting.
Despite being a corpse,
you move as nimbly as
if you were still alive.
I wonder, could it be you
were turned into a zombie
the moment before you died?
Bingo! Good guess.
Yeah, if I turn them into
zombies right before they die,
when their cells
are still fresh,
they're more nimble and quick.
Plus their minds are kaput so
they're easier to control too.
It's kind of a win-win for me.
Now, isn't that sad.
Why, it's almost
comical how sad that is.
[Giselle] Hmm?
Where's the challenge in
controlling a lump of flesh
without a mind of its own?
Where's the fun in that?
The fun?
Well, I wouldn't know
because I'm not a sadist
like some people, I guess.
Well, now that I've taken
care of that zombie girl
I guess this boy is
next on the list.
My, my.
You're quite a little
beauty, aren't you?
I can't tell you how happy I am
not to have to
fight another fugly!
You fool, get back!
(Charlotte gaps)
You oblivious idiot.
Could you really not
sense that his powers
are far beyond
your capabilities?
-(Charlotte gasping)
-As a punishment,
I think I'll let you
die there for awhile.
You son of a...
Now then, as for you,
Captain Hitsugaya,
that's quite enough of that.
I can't have you running around
slaughtering my test subjects.
Ah, of course.
Trying to converse with
you is pointless, isn't it?
Be that as it may,
let me assure you
as a man composed of
kindness and benevolence
rather than flesh and blood,
I would never dream of
experimenting on anyone
without asking their permission.
So, Captain Hitsugaya,
there are several drugs
I would very much
like to test on you.
You will allow me to, won't you?
(suspenseful ominous music)
Don't worry, it's
all for a good cause.
It's all for the sake
of the Seireitei.
I ask you, can you think
of a worthier cause?
("STARS" by w.o.d.)
(singing in Japanese)
-("STARS" by w.o.d.)
-(singing in Japanese)
It's all done for the sake
of the Seireitei, you see.
(swords clashing)
Surprised by how someone
who spends all his time
holed up in his lab
is able to anticipate
your attacks so capably?
Well, I implanted a sensor in
Ashisogijizo the other day.
It's been very helpfully
programmed to intercept
any blade that comes within
sixty centimeters of me,
at an angle of sixty
degrees or more.
In other words, it will
automatically anticipate
and block any attack you throw.
Of course, after
what I just said,
you thought of striking
me with something
other than a blade.
But then, didn't
it cross your mind
that perhaps I wanted you to
strike me with something else?
Bankai.
-(Kurotsuchi gasps)
-Daiguren Hyorinmaru.
(Kurotsuchi grunts)
C-Captain Hitsugaya.
There are several drugs
I would very much like
to test on you.
You will allow me to,
won't you?
(footsteps echoing)
Don't worry, it's
all for a good cause.
It's all for the sake
of the Seireitei.
What could be worthier?
(swords clashing)
Surprised by how someone who
spends all his time holed up
in his lab is able to
anticipate your attacks?
You already asked me that.
What is this?
Oh, you can carry
on a conversation?
This is a new discovery.
Bankai Daiguren Hyorinmaru!
Y-You are very,
very strong indeed,
Captain Hitsugaya.
There are several drugs
I would very much like
to test on you.
You will allow me to, won't you?
Is this some kind of game?
What the hell is going on here?
Ah, what's this?
Your brain is
becoming aware, I see.
Greetings and welcome,
Captain Hitsugaya.
How many times has it been now?
One thing my drugs
have in common,
they provide their users with
new and wonderful experiences.
(Hitsugaya groans)
They can bestow power,
sensation, agility, or courage.
To you, I gave the
gift of hindsight,
being able to see the past.
Again and again,
every time you reach
a certain point in the battle,
you're sent back to
a moment in the past.
The point I'm talking about
is the point at
which you kill me.
In other words, we can assume
that if you do not kill me,
then your future will
continue on forever.
On the other hand,
if you do kill me,
your future ceases
at that moment.
It's quite a
predicament, isn't it?
You're unable to move forward
unless you defeat your enemy,
but once you defeat him, you
inevitably fall backward.
Additionally, one of
the defects of this drug
is that it only works
on the hippocampus,
that part of the brain that
controls your short-term memory.
As a result, users
are unable to remember
the number of times they've
returned to the past.
The thing is, once they
travel back to the past
more than ten times,
(Hitsugaya groaning)
they experience a
serious side effect.
That part of the brain that
controls their equilibrium
becomes completely paralyzed
for thirty seconds.
Being the kind-hearted
person you are, Captain,
I'm sure you'll forgive me
for this momentary paralysis.
However, it could prove fatal
if it took place during combat.
Yes, and because of that
unfortunate side effect,
I don't feel I can introduce
it to the market just yet.
I know what you're wondering.
I'm sure you must
be asking yourself,
when exactly did he
administer this drug to me?
[Hitsugaya] Damn you.
Perhaps you'll find
the answer in the past.
Ashisogijizo.
Now, in addition to your
loss of equilibrium,
your limbs will be
completely paralyzed.
Having to administer
this drug to someone
who can't fight back
pains me deeply.
Don't do it.
No, no, don't do it!
Ah, at least you can still
fight back with words.
That is somewhat
comforting to me.
(Hitsugaya grunts)
(Hitsugaya groaning)
(Hitsugaya screaming)
(tense upbeat music)
Two captains and a lieutenant
all turned into corpses.
So pathetic, it's
not even funny.
These corpses are
interrupting my observations.
Remove them for me, will you?
(tense upbeat music continues)
(Hitsugaya screaming)
(wind blowing)
(tense suspenseful music)
Morphine Pattern.
(Najahkoop gasps)
This guy, there's no opening
in his Spiritual Pressure!
Scatter, Senbonzakura!
(Najahkoop screams)
Galvano...
(Candice groans)
I've run out of juice!
(Candice screams)
Once I've defeated you,
and then Ichigo Kurosaki,
I can take my place standing
at the side of His Majesty!
Sklave Rai.
Bankai
Grimmaniel.
Senbonzakura Kageyoshi.
(Robert gasps)
(Robert screaming)
[Liltotto] Seriously?
What a bunch of losers.
Actually, when you think
about our abilities,
it makes sense that
we're the only ones
who are still around.
Yeah, you have a point there.
By the way, is that guy
there really the same fool
who got his ass handed
to him by As Nodt?
If so, he's tougher
than I would've thought.
What a drag.
Hey, wait a minute, where
the hell did PePe go, anyway?
It sure would help to
level the playing field
if we had him and his
powers around right now.
Oh, but that guy is so gross.
I really think we can
manage this without him.
Yeah, he's kind of a pig,
but he's better than nothing.
Captain Kuchiki.
I managed to take
out one of the enemy.
But, uh, I see you've already
taken out three of them.
He defeated three to my one.
I guess that's why
he's a captain
and I'm just a lieutenant,
and here I am, boasting
about defeating just one.
(weapons clashing)
Huh?
W-What did you do
that for, Captain?
[Kuchiki] I could ask
you the same thing.
Why are you attacking me?
Are you being
controlled by the enemy?
Or are you actually
the enemy himself
in the guise of a friend?
What do you mean?
Of course it's me,
who else could it be?
-He's here.
-I'm not controlled
by the enemy.
I'm just simply doing
what Master PePe demands!
(PePe chuckling)
One heart, one body.
Just one passing
glance of my eyes,
and quick as a wink your
heart will be split in two.
Once split apart,
it will be reunited.
The two shall be one
again and belong to me.
Stern Ritter "L".
PePe "The Love" at your service.
(soft romantic music)
Ooh.
(Liltotto grunts)
(Meninas gasps)
Shit.
Oh, Master PePe.
No, wait. Meni.
(Liltotto grunts)
No, stop that.
Please try to get a
grip on yourselves.
Don't fight over me
just 'cause you love me,
and I want you to know
it never crossed my mind
that if you all die,
then I'll be the one
who gets all the glory.
(weapons clashing)
(PePe sighs)
It's just tragic.
Battles are always so sad.
I think, I think it's because
there's real love there.
Every battle that's
ever been fought
has been fought out of love.
Where there is no love,
there's no battle.
That's why battles are sad,
and that's exactly what
makes them so damn beautiful.
(PePe gasps)
(Hisagi groans)
Are you done with your speech?
Because I'm done here.
You can blather on about love,
but basically, you're
able to control people.
And that means cutting
down the puppeteer
will sever the puppet
from its strings.
Ooh, bravo, Byakuya Kuchiki.
You can see right through me.
Too scary, too scary!
It seems this
so-called love of yours
is only effective on
things with souls.
Ooh, you're right again.
But if you're so smart,
then why'd you block
it with your Zanpakuto?
See, I know that
Zanpakutos have souls.
That's why you didn't see me
running around stealing Bankai
from any of you guys
during the last battle.
Because I know that stealing
Zanpakuto with souls
is something I can
do any time I want.
Why'd you let it go?
Now you've presented
me with an opportunity,
an opportunity to arm a
Soul Reaper who loves me
with a weapon that loves me.
(Hisagi coughs)
With love, you can
accomplish anything,
overcome any challenge
and achieve any goal.
The power of love is
magnificent, isn't it?
[Kuchiki] There's only
so long I can defend
against a Zanpakuto
with just Hakuda.
I was a fool not to break
my bond with Senbonzakura,
the moment I lost control of it.
Love Kiss.
What is this?
Can it really be that you
have no love in your heart?
How dare you reject my love,
you cruel cold-hearted creep?
That is absotively
posilutely unforgivable.
Gudoero!
See? Look.
Look at me.
I'm as innocent as a
baby and cute as one too.
Doesn't that make
you want to love me?
Love Rope.
(Kuchiki gasps)
Wait.
Don't kill him.
If he is gonna reject my love,
I'll kill him with my love.
(PePe grunts)
Get ready to experience
the ultimate, ooh.
Hmm.
You two?
But what happened to you?
(Hisagi grunts)
(Hisagi groaning)
(footsteps echoing)
Well, well, well.
Lucky for you, I was looking
for an enemy to experiment on.
Just what I needed to
test the performance
of my Kurotsuchi Corpse Unit.
Kurotsuchi, so this
was your doing.
What did you do to
Muguruma and Ohtoribashi?
Why the accusing tone?
I saved them both, that's
what I did to them.
So what's it like?
How does it feel to
travel to the past?
I introduced a certain drug
into the bodily fluids
of the Arrancars.
I'm sure you wouldn't
have enjoyed being sprayed
with their blood quite
as much if you had known.
I wouldn't bother.
I see to it that my body
develops a tolerance
to any drug I create
long before I deploy it.
(Muguruma groaning)
Now, now, no need
to get excited.
I shall ease your pain shortly.
(Muguruma and
Ohtoribashi screaming)
The amount of blood needed
to turn someone into a zombie
depends on their
Spiritual Pressure.
If their Spiritual
Pressure is low,
a single drop of blood
reaching their brain
will likely be enough
to zombify them.
But if their Spiritual
Pressure is high,
the injected blood must first
multiply itself in their heart
before traveling to
the rest of the body.
And that's why the
captains and lieutenants
have that dark red
tinge to their skin.
Am I wrong?
(Giselle groans)
My drug alters the
composition of their blood.
[Giselle] Huh.
[Kurotsuchi] I have in my
possession the blood samples
of every squad member
in the Seireitei.
This drug replaces
any foreign blood
with a blood-like substitute
which I also invented.
I didn't understand a
single word you just said.
I'm not surprised.
Let me cut to the chase, then.
By injecting this drug,
I've made it so that your
zombies have become my zombies.
(Giselle gasps)
Now you understand, don't you?
You lose, zombie girl.
So this is what you
call saving them?
You could have let them die
the honorable
deaths they deserve
Instead, you toy
with their lives.
[Kurotsuchi] As usual, we
have a difference of opinion.
Isn't it the duty of the
Thirteen Court Guard Squads
to protect the
Seireitei even in death?
[Kuchiki] That's a poor excuse.
[Kurotsuchi] Call
it what you will.
(PePe chuckles)
My love is a heck
of a lot stronger
than any of Gigi's
zombies, you know.
Matter of fact, I even
made one of her zombies
fall head over heels for me on-
Good grief, you weren't
listening, were you?
If you had been, you would
have heard me clearly explain
that those zombies are no
longer Gigi's, they are mine.
And my zombies don't
understand love.
(PePe gasps)
(PePe groaning)
(PePe coughing)
Damn it!
That loveless pile of dog poop.
He'll pay dearly for that.
Hmm?
L-Liltotto um...
I'm, heh-heh, so glad
to see you, baby.
You tried to kill us by
pitting us against each other.
You stabbed us in the back.
I hate it when people do that.
W-Wait.
No, please.
Forgive me!
(chomp)
(amp buzzing)
("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)
(singing in Japanese)
Here we are.
So this is the Royal Palace.
[Nimaiya] Is life all
that you can cut?
-("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)
-(singing in Japanese)